The basic idea
-------------

Indytube tries to encode media files into flv and ogg theora codec files.
If successful, a snippet of html is produced, when included inside a typical CMS templating system, will include a browser widget for the appropriate media player (a FLV plugin or OGG plugin)

So, you need to configure indytube to see your incoming video files directory, and where to put encoded media.
You will also need to configure the virtual hosts that serve you media.  
For this you will need a streaming (icecast2, red5) or a web server will do (apache2)

see README for more details about the required third party software.

Read INSTALL.plone for a plone / apache2 setup
Read INSTALL.red5 for a very basic configuration for red5 streaming server.

How do I set it up?
-------------------

First, you need to open up indytube.conf to change the config variables
to something sensible.  Here you need to set the paths for your 
orginal and encoded files, plus urls for the resources like the 
flowplayer files and your splash screen image
(an EngageMedia.org and Indymedia one is included here if you need one).  You
can also tweak the encoder options(sensible defaults are included for
small video files and quick encoding with decent quality) and turn off
encoding altogether.  There's logging settings for debugging, and a
way to specify the maximum number of encoders you'd like to run in
parallel, and at what priority.

You also might want to customize the plumi.template, or template.include.cortado,
which is used to generate a fragment to be included in any page with video.  The
basic idea is that the cms template is tweaked to pull in this
template, which does nothing if it isn't there, 

Then, just run indytube , using run_indytube.sh. Internally, indytube is using
Twisted reactor to schedule itself to run periodically.

If the maximum numbers of encoders are already running, it just
stops. Otherwise, it will check for video files in the directory
you've specified, see if they've already been encoded, or if another
encoder is already handling them, and if not, generate the flv file
and the include file.  And then you've got streaming embedded video.
 
Running indytube
----------------
Remember to have your permissions set correctly for the user you will start indytube as for the directories inside the Plone instance.

You can debug problems by watching the log files generated, check the [urls] section of the indytube.conf


invoke as
$python indytube.py
to see cmd line messages

or to run as a background process
$./run_indytube.sh

watch for the logs and lock files , in the directories configured in indytube.conf
You may have stale lock file left around from indytube crashes.
